Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I'll be digging out "Furare Kaihi"
(“Break-Up Dodge”)
Continuing where we left off...
So, let's do it!
Break-Up Dodge, start!
“Third level: Incoming Call”
Well, I'm used to this game so it'll be a piece of cake
"Third Stage"
Ooh, we're already flirting! Right?
“BF: Hey, come a little closer~❤”
"Come closer"? You're close enough already!
"GF: No way, why would I do that? ❤", I mean, you're close enough!
"BF: I want to see you a little closer ❤"
Are you farsighted?!
"GF: What are you saying? You..."
"What are you saying? You..."
*phone ringing*
Ah
♪ Tun, tun, tun, tun. ♪
*incoming call*
"GF: That call just now..."
Well...
A guy from work...
"Who was it from?"
"GF: Who was it from?"
AAAHH!
"A stranger"...
Is not the right option...
"A stranger" is not the right option...
"Ah, it's the alarm" isn't it, either...
Won't she notice that's a lie?
"Umm...?"
“GF: Who called you? Was it one of your friends?"
*1: That's right 2: You could say, yes 3: There's no need to know *
"That’s right"
"GF: Hmm, well, call them back then"
"Call the speaking clock"?!
"Call a male friend"...
No, it's probably best to be honest...
*Call her*
*phone ringing*
Oh, that's what it meant with "her"?
“GF: Hey, what does this mean?”
"I'd never call anyone but you!"
Aaaaahhh! Haha...
“GF: Do you think this is a joke? Stop thinking I'm stupid!”
*inhales*
Iiiiiii'm very sorry!
*Excuse Failed*
*ding*
Fight!
"GF: Who was it from?"
"BF: That's my alarm!"
"GF: Why did you set your alarm for now?"
"BF: It's our make-out time alarm ❤ Mrrowl!"
“GF: Kyaaa!”
Wow, that was eas– huh?
Did it work?
Eh?
*phone ringing*
Ah
“GF: I'll get it”
AAAHHHHH!
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
“I'll get it”
*Excuse Failed*
You know, I really thought that one would work…
"A stranger"?
“GF: Hmm... can I see?”
“Of course, go right ahead!”
“GF: Isn't it a contradiction that even though she’s in your contacts, she's a stranger?”
It's true!
That's right!
*ding, ding, ding*
Pin pon! Right answer!
*Excuse Failed*
Well, here...
"It's the alarm!"
And now...
"It's 3 o'clock, it’s time for an afternoon snack!"
“GF: What do you mean by that?”
"What do you mean by that?"
“I’ll bring out the black tea and afternoon snacks!”
“GF: Why are you running away like that? You chicken”
Hmm...
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
Girls are so...
Troublesome!
Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
“GF: Who is it?”
"Ummm?"
“GF: The call, is it from a friend?”
“That's right”
A male friend!
“GF: Hmm, then call him back”
Yes
*Call your male friend*
“BF: Hello? It's me, what do you need me for?”
“...Need you?”
“GF: Hand it over for a sec”
“GF: Hello? It's his girlfriend”
“GF: Did you just make the phone call?”
“Friend: Ah-... I made the call! I made the call!” *A.I noises*
“GF: Ah, that's how it was, right...!” *A.I noises*
That's a great guy!
You have some good friends...
“BF: Ah hello, I'm sorry about my girlfriend!”
“Friend: You're buying me lunch tomorrow, ok?”
*Excuse CLEAR!*
Eh? That's sneaky...
I see...
Girls out there, don't get deceived!
Continuing on...
“Anniversary”!
Anniversaries are pretty important, right?
“BF: No one's looking, feed me ❤, Aaaaaah ❤”
"No one's looking, feed me ❤, Aaaaaah ❤"
“GF: Oh you~❤ After one year you haven't changed a bit, have you?”
Ah, it's been one year...
“BF: Hnn?! The fresh pasta you're feeding me is delicious~❤”
♪ The pasta is made delicious because of you ♪
“GF: Yeah, yeah ❤ Of course, BF-kun…”
"Of course..."
“GF: Today’s our anniversary right....? ❤”
Eh? Did you forget? No way...
*ding*
*inhales*
You shouldn't forget your one year anniversary!
“GF: What day is today?”
"What day is today?"
"Man, so much time has passed already?"
“GF: It passed in the blink of an eye, right?”
"It passed in the blink of an eye, right?"
Maybe this one?
"Unlike today, you cooked for me, right?"
*Secret Unlocked!*
Mmm? A secret!
“Awful Food”
So there are secrets?
I wonder if every stage has one...
"Awful Food" sounds pretty bad, doesn’t it?
“BF: Ah~ I'm feeling hungry ❤”
"Ah~ I'm feeling hungry ❤"
“GF: It's almost done”
“BF: Will you be the desert after dinner? ❤” Die...
“GF: No way~ ❤” Die...
“GF: Thank you for waiting ♪”
“BF: It looks delicious~❤”
♪ The pasta that you prepared is delicious ♪
"GF: What do you think?"
“Mmm, delicious ❤”
“GF: However, you're shaking a bit…”
Don't shake!
“I'm shaking because it tastes good...!”
“GF: I'm happy, eat it steadily ♪”
“I want to eat slowly to appreciate the taste”
Eh? Was it useless?
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
He-heh..
Has so much time passed that he's now an old man?
*ding*
Here, let's be truthful and say it's bad...
And say that we could give her cooking lessons...
Saying "It's delicious" and "let's eat together"...
She might notice that it wasn't delicious...
And she'll think that even though you didn't like it, you really did your best trying to eat it despite that...
Yes, this one's perfect!
“Yes, because it's delicious”
“Do you want to eat together?”
“GF: I'm on a diet...”
"I'm on a diet"
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
Fight!
“...Did you try tasting it?”
"GF: I did?... Is it bad?"
"BF: Yeah, do you want to eat out?"
"GF: Have a nice trip. You don’t have to come back"
WHY?!
ISN'T IT YOUR FAULT FOR PREPARING SOMETHING SO AWFUL?!
No, this is not good, not good...
If it’s not quite to your taste...
Well, you should try your best to eat it...
But if it’s so bad that you can’t even eat it, that’s not good!
It's the girl's fault
"Aah, it tastes amazing"
"GF: Did you say amazing...?"
"It means you're very talented!"
"GF: Great! I'll make it everyday!"
"Great! I'll make it everyday!"
I'm finished!
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
*inhales*
I’m finished...
Please, not everyday!
I'll prepare...
Ah!
Maybe it's better that I prepare it?
*ding*
"GF: How is it?"
“Mmhm, delicious ❤”
And now?
"GF: You're shaking a little bit..."
"I'm starting to feel..."
“GF: You don’t have to go that far! Now I’m the one who’s feeling bad!”
WHY THE HELL? I'M THE ONE WHO'S FEELING SICK RIGHT NOW!
This is kind of like the girl who doesn't speak up and the guy who doesn't notice, right?
This is a girl that doesn't notice, right?
Eh? What should I do?
"Mmm, tastes good"
Can you eat it with me somehow?
"It tastes so great that I'm shaking..."
“GF: I'm happy, eat it steadily ♪”
"I'm full right now..."
“GF: But didn’t you just say you were hungry?”
“GF: If it’s bad, you should just say so!”
WHEN I TOLD YOU IT WAS AWFUL, YOU GOT ANGRY!
Hey!
*ding, ding, ding, ding, ding*
WHY?!
WOMAN ARE REALLY EGOTISTICAL!
If you're told it tastes horrible...
Don't get so angry!
It's your fault for making horrible food!
Go to a cooking class!
Can I not ask if her mother should have taught her?
“GF: How is it?”
"Wow... that's amazing..."
"GF: Did you say amazing...?"
"BF: Ah! There's a huge fly over there!”
"Ah! There's a huge fly over there!"
“It’d be a shame if it gets to the food!"
"GF: Wait, where? Where?"
“BF: Okay… now let’s do something about the food in this break”
Ah! Ah! I see, I had a choice...
I should bring it home, right? After I put it in the lunchbox...
I'll choose this...
“BF: Right, let’s put the food in the container and take it home”
That’s right
Is this okay?
“GF: Did you already eat it?”
"Thanks for the food! Next time I want to cook with you!"
"GF: Ah! That sounds fun!"
I DID IT!
Man, it's to be expected of me that I managed to discover a secret
Our brains are different!
Everyone, not all women are like this, this is a special case...
Also, to all the women watching...
If you’re similar to the girl in the game...
You have some serious problems!
Take notice of this, take notice of this, yes?
It looks like there are 10 levels...
So I'd like to beat them... and become the A.I that’s able to...
Understand an annoying woman's heart!
This was Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by score, Bararo, 963852, Vortex, and Mitsukitten